ci: PR template (#156)
mozilla-ai/any-llm: .github/pull_request_template.md

> # Description
> <!-- What does this PR do? -->
> 
> **Linked Issue:** Closes #[issue-number]
> **Type of Change:** [✨ feat | 🐛 fix | 📚 docs | ⚡️ perf | 🧪 test | ⚙️ ci | 📦 refactor | 🚧 build | 💎 style ]
> 
> # Testing
> <!-- How were these changes tested? -->
> 
> # Breaking Changes
> <!-- Does this PR introduce breaking changes? If yes, describe the impact and migration steps -->
> 
> # Checklist
> - [ ] My code follows conventional commit guidelines
> - [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix/feature works
> - [ ] New and existing tests pass locally
> - [ ] Documentation was updated where necessary
> - [ ] I have read and followed the contribution guidelines

Reviewer: Iterating on this, I think I'd prefer a slightly shorter template to get started, and we can add more info/checks as we gather experience about how people are contributing to the project?

```suggestion
## Description
<!-- What does this PR do? -->

## PR Type

<!-- Delete the types that don't apply --!>

🆕 New Feature
🐛 Bug Fix
💅 Refactor
📚 Documentation
🚦 Infrastructure

## Relevant issues

<!-- e.g. "Fixes #123" -->

## Checklist
- [ ] I have added unit tests that prove my fix/feature works
- [ ] New and existing tests pass locally
- [ ] Documentation was updated where necessary
- [ ] I have read and followed the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/mozilla-ai/any-llm/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)```
